w2 guys got my mail today I'm gonna use
sub box ready to open it
that's good nice yeah I'm real quick
sorry done do that life is amazing get
one anyway new sub box pops it on out
see that nice packaging job Thank You
FedEx
all right here we got the trend B box
this is dual ported 12-inch speakers you
got one inch MDF in the front the
speakers so you can handle the excursion
all the vibrations science there ever
else you got 5/8 and it's tuned to 30
Hertz and there's 1.2 cubic feet for a
chamber / here as you can see and let's
look over on this side here
you got the negative and positive into
the speaker's got one of those each side
you got two speakers lock it on little
carpet like I said earlier I believe and
I'm putting - pioneer champion series
pros TS - W 3 0 0 2 D - was there a dual
hospital at 2 ohms so I had a sound
stream sta 1 through 5 pushing one of
the subs before in a sealed box now that
I got two subs in bigger box
imma get in the oh ham I can end up
getting like an audio pipe 3k and fire
running 2 ohms each at 1500 watts RMS
what up stay tuned for our videos as I
started putting all this stuff in my car
thank you for watching